# Investigating-Tmdb-dataset
This contains packages like numpy, pandas, matplotlib used in creating an analysis based on the posed questions you'll see on the introduction section in the .ipynb file. 
This database contains the following features:-<br>

<li>movie_id - A unique identifier for all movies.
<li>imdb_id - A unique identifier for each movie on IMDB.
<li>cast - The name of lead and supporting actors.
<li>director - the director of the movie.
<li>budget - The budget in which the movie was made.
<li>genre - The genre of the movie, Action, Comedy ,Thriller etc.<br>
<li>homepage - A link to the homepage of the movie.
<li>id - This is infact the movie_id as in the first dataset.
<li>keywords - The keywords or tags related to the movie.
<li>original_title - The title of the movie before translation or adaptation.<br>
<li>overview - A brief description of the movie.
<li>popularity - A numeric quantity specifying the movie popularity.<br>
<li>production_companies - The production house of the movie.<br>
<li>production_countries - The country in which it was produced.
<li>release_date - The date each movies were relea
<li>revenue - The worldwide revenue generated by the movie.
<li>runtime - The running time of the movie in minutes.
<li>tagline - Movie's tagline.
<li>vote_average - average ratings the movie recieved.
<li>budget_adj - shows the budget associated movie in terms of 2010 dollars.
<li>revenue_adj - shows the revenue associated movie in terms of 2010 dollars.</li>
